hello everybody welcome to lesson 2
today we're going to be learning how to
import files into Xcode on my desktop I
have two files in image and a sound the
first thing we're going to be learning
is how to import files into Xcode if we
open up the project from our previous
lesson we can see our test project in
here we will be importing our files in
our project we want to import our files
into our projects resources folder so if
you click on the test folder which will
contain the name of a project we will
import it into the supporting files
category first we'll import our sound
will hold and drag right into the
supporting files category you want to
make sure copy items the destination
groups folder is checked in this will
copy the file into our project will
click on finish and the file is now
imported into our project working with
images are a little bit more tricky we
need two versions of the image we need a
larger version of the image for the
iphone 4s Retina display and we need a
smaller version for older iPhones the
first copy of the image needs to be 640
x 960 pixels this will fill up the
iphone screen if you want to make a
landscape image you just switch to
dimensions around after our image is the
appropriate size we want to name an
image and after the name we're going to
put at 2x this will tell Xcode this is a
larger version of our image next we want
to duplicate the image click on the
duplicate button will now have a second
copy of her image we want to open the
image up and we want to divide the image
dimensions by 2 in this case we'll make
the width 320 this will take about 3 20
and it shall automatically adjust our
height so in the smaller version of the
image the dimensions will be 320 x 480
again if it's a landscape image you
simply reverse dimensions this isn't
only for images that fill up the
iphone's entire screen this can be for
anything if you have an image that is
100 by 100 pixels you want that to be
the larger version then you want a
second version that would be divided
into two so you want an inversion that
would be 50 by 50 pixels so we'll go
ahead and click OK to resize the image
and we'll save it
next we want to rename our smaller
version of the image and we just want to
get rid of the 2x at the end so xcode
knows this is a smaller version so we
simply import both versions of the image
just like before we'll select both the
images drag them into the supporting
files folder and we'll check off copy
items to destination groups folder click
on finish and we're done so that's a
little bit of the basics and importing
files into your Xcode project thank you
for watching